feat: Laravel 11 support, fixes #5962 (#5963)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/quickstart.md

    ```bash
    mkdir my-laravel-app
    cd my-laravel-app

>     ddev config --project-type=laravel --docroot=public --php-version=8.2

Reviewer: Just a note that if using an earlier version of DDEV `mysql:8.0` seems to be required:

```
    ddev config --project-type=laravel --docroot=public --php-version=8.2 --database=mysql:8.0
```

Reviewer: I think that using `--php-version=8.2` is fine, but it makes me wonder whether we should show explicit defaults then 1) it's already the DDEV default and 2) we're already overriding it in the Laravel handling in DDEV.

Author: I believe this is good when people use the latest docs without even noticing it.

>     ddev composer create --prefer-dist laravel/laravel -y

Reviewer: I think we should start to show our expectations on these quickstarts, show the tag they've been tested with. Also `-y` is no longer required with composer create.

```suggestion
    ddev composer create --prefer-dist laravel/laravel:^11
```

Reviewer: I was accidentally testing with a `ddev` that wasn't for this version, and got this during composer install:
`SQLSTATE[HY000]: General error: 1273 Unknown collation: 'utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci' (Connection: mysql, SQL: select table_name as `name`, (data_length + index_length) as `size`, table_comment as `comment`, engine as `engine`, table_collation as `collation` from information_schema.tables where table_schema = 'db' and table_type in ('BASE TABLE', 'SYSTEM VERSIONED') order by table_name).`

They seem to default to `mysql:8.0`? 
This is fixed by using `--database=mysql:8.0`. Their system requirements certainly don't hint at this problem, but I'm sure you understand it.

But it means that this quickstart is dependent on using DDEV v1.23.0+, I wish it wasn't.  Maybe we need a tip about it?

Author: > Unknown collation: 'utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci'

This is because DDEV sets `DB_CONNECTION=mysql`, but uses MariaDB.

https://github.com/laravel/laravel/blob/11.x/config/database.php#L42-L80

This means when you have  `DB_CONNECTION=mariadb` and MariaDB - it will work fine, but because DDEV v1.22.7 sets it to `mysql`, it complains about a collation.

> But it means that this quickstart is dependent on using DDEV v1.23.0+, I wish it wasn't. Maybe we need a tip about it?

It is already dependent on v1.23.0+ because of

- #5058

But I am open to discussion here (note that I made an updated quickstart for Laravel at the top of the page in #5962).

    ```bash
    git clone <your-laravel-repo>
    cd <your-laravel-project>
    ddev config --project-type=laravel --docroot=public --php-version=8.2
    ddev start
    ddev composer install
    ddev php artisan key:generate
    ddev launch
    ```

> !!!tip "How to use SQLite database for Laravel?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!tip "Want to use a SQLite database for Laravel?"
```

>     DDEV sets a default MariaDB database to better represent a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    DDEV defaults to using a MariaDB database to better represent a production environment.
```

    To select the [Laravel 11 defaults](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/releases#application-defaults) for SQLite, use this command for `ddev config`:
    ```bash
    ddev config --project-type=laravel --docroot=public --php-version=8.2 --omit-containers=db --disable-settings-management=true
    ```

## Magento

=== "Magento 2"

    Normal details of a Composer build for Magento 2 are on the [Magento 2 site](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-operations/installation-guide/composer.html). You must have a public and private key to install from Magento’s repository. When prompted for “username” and “password” in `composer create`, it’s asking for your public key as "username" and private key as "password".

>     Note that you can install the Adobe/Magento composer credentials in your global `~/.ddev/homeadditions/.composer/auth.json` and never have to find them again. See [In-Container Home Directory and Shell Configuration](extend/in-container-configuration.md).

Reviewer: Hmm, the other link is working fine on latest docs. https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/latest/users/quickstart/#magento

This link works too! https://ddev--5963.org.readthedocs.build/en/5963/users/quickstart/#magento

Author: Yeah, I just saw a complain from local mkdocs, and fixed it.
